right so we've now taken the cakes out
of the oven and they are now sitting on
a wire trivet cooling and they'll need
another few minutes before we do
anything with them so we'll come back in
a few minutes time well right now the
Cape is cooled and it's well it's not my
fault you can't get it right I've got a
big enough screen okay the cake is quite
you coming in it it's being trimmed and
it's been stuck together with gel and
what I've done is I've rolled out the
marzipan got the butter icing here and
this is where it maryberry goes wrong
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
spread my butter icing like this on the
marzipan to just over two inches from
one end and then going to take my cake
and I'm going to place it on the
marzipan don't squish it and I'm going
to squish it down
I said don't squish it yep just pick
that up to make sure any one is the same
right on the corner so it's small but
rise to know if I've got it wrong by the
way I could just roll out and make it a
little bit longer
there's too much problem you can just
cut it you've got your shoulder right in
it can you do that we'll cut that bit
out of it you have to that's better so
how many um how many time how many
sponges did you cook to get this then
and one pink one one whatever is playing
we're gonna call it there and I'm gonna
fold that up
that should stay in place then take more
than butter icing and apply it to the
marzipan here now Mary berry and a
variety of other cooks and recipes
suggest that you put this on the cake
but actually the cake falls apart and
moves all over the place to do that so
we're not going to and the butter icing
was simply 40 grams of butter that was
softened a hundred grams of icing sugar
and we did you use Mary Berrien whipped
up in the same yeah sentient that would
be careful here mark
what damage mousepad never roll it over
use the back of the knife not to damage
the workshop wrap piece off and then
there's just a scene to deal with know
what we're gonna do here yes
are you going to crimp only very
slightly on the scene
tell us where you going in scissors now
I'm going to cut the excess off
leaving virtually invisible scene which
will put on the bottom now I need got
the excess off there mean that noise you
might hear the background that was my
wife executive producer breaking wind
now at this stage what we really need
but what we haven't got is a microwave
turntable so we can turn it round and do
the thing from the angry on TV advert I
think you should do the theme from the
whitefly though that tell me that isn't
the best Battenberg that you're similar
they actually that ends of it how about
that mmm nothing
you